chore: update descriptions of merge behavior (#656)
knocklabs/docs: content/concepts/objects.mdx

### Properties

> Objects can contain any number of key-value property pairs that you can then reference in templates and trigger conditions. Properties will always be deeply merged between set calls, meaning that existing properties (including nested properties) will be updated with the newly provided values. Note that this also means that existing properties cannot be explicitly removed; rather, you can overwrite them with a `null` value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Objects can contain any number of key-value property pairs that you can then reference in templates and trigger conditions. Properties will always be deeply merged between upserts, meaning that existing properties (including nested properties) will be updated with the newly provided values. Note that this also means that existing properties cannot be explicitly removed; rather, you can overwrite them with a `null` value.
```
We use this language in the user description for this behavior, might drive consistency
